Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hanselminutes today. I'm talking with
Leslie Caseta. She's a transportation
technologist at the Atlanta regional
commission, a full stack web
developer, and she's got a
master's degree in city and
regional planning. How are you
Scott? Doing well? Thank you
for having me on Very
excited to talk to you.
And we met at the
we rise conference down in
Atlanta and within five minutes
we were geeking out about
self driving cars. It sounds
like one of the things
that you do in your
work as a planner is
kind of preparing for the
changes that are happening in
transportation. And it seems like
there's no better time to
be interested in the topic
than 2017. Yeah, you're right
on the money. I could
not have imagined being in
a more exciting role back
when I was in my
master's program, I thought I
was going to be in
environmental planning doing water work,
but which was also very
exciting, but the concepts behind
emerging technologies in transportation are
just blowing my mind and
I, it's hard to keep
up, which is very exciting.
And I get to do
work that looks at how
we make the best use
of all these technologies into
the future and how we
fund them in a way
that we can get our
hands around. And it's, it's
more than just like transportation
technology in the sense of
there's newer and fancier cars
coming out. Isn't it. There's
also big data behind it.
And there's the internet of
things like these cars need
to be tracked and thought
about. So it's more than
just the advanced vehicle technologies.
Yeah, Absolutely. The infrastructure that
needs to support the connected
and autonomous vehicles are streetlights
and all the data sharing
that will come out of
just smarter roads. It's pretty
exciting. And exhaustive. One thing
we're definitely pushing on is
how do we share that
data amongst jurisdictions in real
time to make better decisions
or get into predictive analytics
as well? What does that
mean when you said smarter
roads? How is the road
smart? Sure. So there's some
applications that we've seen case
studies of already of just
sensors and parking spaces to
better know when a parking
deck or on street parking
is available or not. And
getting that to drivers through
connected vehicles quicker so that
we have less roads on
the car just circling. So
a lot of time is
wasted. Sure. You've had the
experience of just circling a
parking lot. I'm looking for
that one space. So that's
one application that's out there.
There's also neural networks that
we can put on streetlights
to pick up on weather
patterns, air quality and crashes
as well, perhaps, and, and
do some really cool, big
data, predictive analytics with that.
Sometimes it's fancy stuff like
neural networks, but sometimes it
can be as simple as
a green light on an
led that tells me that
a parking spot is available
here in Portland, where I
live at the Portland international
airport. They put lights above
every parking spot and finding
a parking spot is just
simply driving to wherever the
first green light is. And
it's not super smart. It's
like if it sees a
car, the light turns red.
Yeah. Yeah. We had a
fun experience here in Atlanta
a couple of months ago
where a major part of
our network  collapsed. It's
a couple of hundred feet
of road that, that fell
due to a fire. And
anyway, put a lot of
pressure on our transit system,
as you could imagine, cause
people were, couldn't get to
work through the regular means
of driving in some areas.
And we had a good
chance to put in some
quick, not super sophisticated, very
crowdsourced application of figuring out
communicating when our transit parking
lot, right. And lot right
in parking lots had openings
and one where they were
full. So people could go
to the next stop if
possible. And, and that was
just an online, you know,
red, green system with every
parking lot name next to
it that people could check
in on. It's interesting how,
how simple ideas like that
can add up to a
smart city, but you had
a presentation that you gave
where you talk about like,
what does it, what does
a city have to have
for it to be a
smart city? And there's quite
a few components there. Yeah,
you're right. So last year
we, my team, I got
to lead a policy document
on transportation technology, looking at
what a smart, smart city
means from that perspective and
getting to some policy implications
out of that, it really
all circled back to better
management of data, whether it's
existing data or future data
that we could get our
hands on. But then I
guess you could look further
into some sustainability applications of,
of kind of green infrastructure,
solar roads, getting more into
electric vehicles and bioswells to
handle water runoff during big
storms. We, so we looked
at a lot of components
and, and try to apply
what it all means to
our policy goals. So we
want equity for more people.
We want better access to
jobs, better access to healthcare.
So we're keeping an eye
on what we can do
to, to embrace a new
fancy or existing technologies to,
to help our grow. One
of the things that I
can tell that you're passionate
about from reading your papers
and your policy documents is
about technology enabled mobility options,
the idea that people, everyone
deserves to be able to
get up and go where
they want to go. Yes.
So something really exciting that
came out of the document
that blew my mind was
this concept of mobility as
a service, which I understood
before, but the finances behind
it, which some companies already
thinking about going from right
now, most of us are
in a car and it
sits vacant 94% of the
time. Maybe some people have
it on Turo or some
car sharing application, but most
of the time it's not
making you income. It's just
set it sitting there. And
it's a huge expense. It's
like the second biggest expense
after buying a home in
most households and mobility is
a service really makes it
pushes the envelope to give
you more mobility options without
having to own a car.
And I think many OEMs
like GM and Ford are
seeing that trend and getting
into this car sharing space.
But the math really works
out to two more people
per car. So you have
less pollution per car, better
dollars for maintenance per car.
And at the end of
the day, you have a
car maybe sitting 4% of
the time instead of 96%
of the time. So you
get you better utility out
of that. And if you
throw in car sharing like
Uber pool or Lyft line,
you get greener trips. And
that, that is likely to
come about as a, kind
of like a cell phone
service. So you buy minutes
or miles in a car
like we do with cell
phone companies now. And, and
that's how you'd get around.
And you could see that
really taking off in the,
in the next five, 10
years in urban settings and
may be expanding to suburban
communities shortly after That seems
like something that would be
like extremely disruptive. I mean,
there are like just to
speak about it from an
American's perspective, we really like
our cars and Americans tend
to buy bigger cars than
they need. And one's wealth
can, sometimes one can sometimes
express their wealth with their,
with their, I have a
lot of cars or I
have a big car. We
would need to turn that
entire idea on its head.
Sure. Yeah. It's, it's exciting
and scary depending on who
you ask, right. Someone you
can pencil, present that idea
to, and they'll think that's
fantastic. That's a kind of
a heaven scenario. And then
someone else who really enjoys
driving and has an awesome
maybe Porsche Carerra or something
thinks it's a health scenario.
Like I don't want to
drive around with autonomous vehicles
everywhere. I want to, you
know, get the feel of
the car. So it's, it's
a balance. We'll see how
the market does. I'd say
in Atlanta, we are a
very car dependent city. We've
been built that way and
people love their cars. And
some of the big companies
that are relocating here, state
farm Mercedes NCR are all
building headquarters next to transit,
getting, knowing that they want
good talent. And that talent
tends to be younger, I
guess, software developers or the
like, and they want to
be car-free. So they're following
the market and building that
market in a very car
centric city. So that, that
makes me excited for the
possibility of it to take
off. And in cities like
New York or Portland, where, where
the, the shift is already
happening towards more of a
sharing economy. Yeah. The idea
of like zip cars or
cars that I can just
walk up to and, you
know, put a smart card
against and drive away has
really taken off here in
Portland. Ultimately it comes down
to, like you said, mobility
on demand. I want to
go somewhere. Is it a
big deal? Do I have
to wait 45 minutes for
an Uber? Do I have
to go and hunt around
for a zip car? If
the car can come to
me in either either I
drive it or it drives
itself, then that's a good
system. Yeah. There's some with
any company that's a startup,
you get some really cool
ideas and then you have
to ground-truth them. Right. And
one of the coolest one
I heard was from an
AB company about focusing a
lot on the human design
interface so that you can
request a car, it comes
to you and sometimes you
don't even have there. They're
getting to not needing to
request it, but it knowing
your calendar syncing with your
Google calendar or outlook calendar
icon, and knowing that you'll
need a car in a
few minutes, so it'll send
it and be ready at
the corner intersection near you.
And then once you're in
the car, the ads or
videos or magazines will be
catered to you as well,
which is really creepy and
fun. I think that's, yeah,
I'm not sure. I like
the idea, like I'm the
F when I get in
a cab, like I have
to go to Vegas tomorrow.
And the first thing I'm
going to do is get
in the cab and then
turn off the automatic video
that decides to play. And
tell me all about Vegas.
Yeah. It's, it's interesting. I
think we talked about this
when we met at re
where we rise a little
bit about convenience and ease
and privacy, and you can
almost see it as a
graph. We all have concerns
about our data getting out
there and being used for
someone else's gain and not
our own. And I think
an example with Google is
that they've made things so
easy that you're willing to
give up some of that,
those privacy concerns for the
convenience that you get of
their service. And I think
the same thing could be
applied in mobility in the
future. One of the things
that you pointed out in
your presentation was that in
the past the, a number
of years until the technology
was used by a quarter
of Americans was quite long,
almost a generation. And now
it is absolutely measurable. Yes.
The pace at which technology
gets developed and tested and
meat gets to the market
and gets consumed by. I
think that example had a
quarter of a million of
Americans. It's just a crazy,
it's absolutely crazy. There's a
lot of flaws, you know,
in that, in that chart
that I showed. But nevertheless,
there are a lot of
opportunities. I think that showed
like the salt, the home
phone is being introduced in
about 1936 and it taking
like 35 years or something
to, to really make it
to market and be consumed
by a quarter million or
a quarter of the population
of Americans. And then the
cell phone coming out in
1986 or so, and it
only taking like 13 years
to be consumed. So that's
a third of reduction in
time. And, and I think
we see it in the
technologies, in our cars right
now that it's really come
a long way since the
model T Ford. Oh yeah.
And you can look at
it, it happens over and
over and over again, you
look at Bluetooth in the
car, but my, my nontechnical
parents use Bluetooth in the
car. The, and actually one
of the things I was
talking to my dad about
is that even stupidly named
technologies get used like blue
Ray is a dumb name
for, for a thing. And
Bluetooth, like, they don't know
why it's called that. I
don't know why it's called
that, but it only took
a couple of years. And
now we've got these, you
know, Amazon Alexa, voice devices
in our houses. And there's
concern of course around, is
it listening all the time,
but that didn't take more
than maybe five years from
the time it was conceived
of. Right. Yeah. And that's
another thing where convenience kind
of lets you buy one.
You're like, Oh cool. I'll
play music just by the
sound of my voice or
order more. I don't know
something like dryer sheets or
Amazon. So one of the
things that I'm interested in
that you've worked on is
this idea of the self
driving car. And it seems
to me like, at least
in the news, like the
Tesla came out and people
had, it had a feature
called autopilot, which seems to
me like it's, it's kind
of disingenuous. It's not autopilot.
It's, it's fancy stay in
the lines, cruise control. But
by calling it autopilot that
may have set up some
expectations a little earlier than
appropriate for people. And I
wonder if that is disrupted
or cause trouble in the
thinking around self driving cars.
Yeah. I think it's, it
may have set it back
a little bit, but Elan
is such a, a snazzy
guy. Then I think it
added enough of a sex
appeal. If I can say
that, that it's still something
people are investing in. I
mean their stock is wavering,
but it's still pretty high.
And I think that's something
that's definitely something we've discussed
with local government partners in
the Atlanta region about we're
September 14th, we're rolling out a
big project. The city of
Atlanta is with some autonomous
shuttles and autonomous vehicles for
the public to use along
one of our major corridors.
And a lot of the
discussion behind that has been
well, do we do an
education campaign kind of to
get over that fear or
do we just subtly release
it and let people have
their fears overcome by experience?
And I think, I think
the city, I don't want
to speak for them, but
I think they're going for
the latter. Cause I've seen
zero education campaigns. So that
implies that people will just
figure it out and we're
doing nothing is a perfectly
reasonable strategy. Okay. Yeah. Setting
up, making sure. I think
on the city's on a
lot of the liability questions
are out of other ways.
So ensuring that the technology
is where we want it
to be and people will
be able to use it
safely and get to, and
fro easily it'll be a
free service. So that helps.
But yeah, once people try
something that, that is convenient,
I think they, they overlook
certain things. We, we, we
talk about driver liability, but
it seems to me that
it's really an issue of
responsibility. Like ultimately when is
when, when is it my
job to be aware of
this giant 4,000 pound vehicle
that I'm piloting and when
is it not, when do
I give up full responsibility?
And I was just on
the train, like I know
that if I take the
train, like I said, I'm
going to Vegas. I'm going
to get on the monorail.
If the monorail crashes in
no way, am I in
trouble? You know, I have
no responsibility at all. Yeah.
Every company that's coming out
with an autonomous shuttle or
autonomous car has a slightly
different model. The one I
liked the most is the
one from a, from a
local government perspective is the
one that allows you to
kind of lease the vehicles
and, and the company, the
provider has all the responsibility.
And I think that's kind
of the wave of the
future. So it's on them
to make sure that the
software has the best recognition
or redundancy built in and
that the, yeah, the, the
vehicle is safe for, for
whatever speeds it'll go on,
whatever turns it'll make. And
all of that is kind
of exciting in, in the
transportation world, in that for
regulating cars, there's so many
specs, so many very detailed
specs about a car has
to have a steering wheel
and brake pads and things
that look like this. And
at that angle and very
detailed and with an autonomous
vehicle, that's, you know, kind
of level four or five
where you don't need a
driver at all the steering
wheel and the brakes go
away. So the regulators at
the federal level are definitely
coming to terms with that
and trying to figure that
out. So at this point
I liked the model of
leasing the vehicle and the
company's figuring it out because
it makes more sense than,
than the local government's figuring
it out for them. And
also we're still in this
holding pattern of what the
federal regulations will look like
for all these Let's dig
a little bit into that.
You, you, you threw out
a couple of ideas. I
don't think people are familiar
with, you talked about levels
and you said level one
through level four, but there's
also a level zero. What
are these levels of autonomy?
Sure. Yeah. Levels one through
two. I might, I don't
have the figures right in
front me, but from what
I remember, it's kind of
most cars that are out
there. Are there levels one
or two with maybe some
detection that the cars there's
a car in the lane
next to you and, and
cruise control level three, I
believe gets into more of
the Tesla autopilot model. And
then level four is where
you really get into barely
needing a driver. And, and
then everyone kind of breaks
it down a little bit
differently. There's a level four,
a four B or straight
to level five where you
it's the Waymo car kind
of system. Okay. So at
level zero, the car is
not smart. The driver has
control it's, you know, the
cars that, you know, are
our parents drove cars in
the sixties and then level
one or two would be
things like detecting that you're
about to crash and maybe
hitting the brakes for you
or cruise control. But the
car is telling you all
about that. Right. It's informing
you. Yeah. And then yeah,
level three, you might have
to take control back over
and level four. You should
not have to touch the
steering wheel if there is
one. Okay. So it seems
like the big leap is
between three and four. So
in level three, the driver
can grab the, grab the
wheel and an emergency. And
like, no, not that, you
know, correct. But level four
is when there's no steering
wheel and then we all
get very uncomfortable. Hopefully not,
but yes, likely, especially You're
competent as though like you,
this is going to be
a thing, like, I know
I'm teasing you. I say
that we're going to be
uncomfortable without the steering wheel,
but you're like, no, we
really aren't. It's going to
be okay. Yeah. I really
don't think so. Hopefully the
autonomous shuttles will make it
out first, make it to
market first. And, and those
are like, those are going
to be at a magical
place in Florida. You deduce
from there where I'm talking
about. And, and you can
just hop in like a
shuttle and take it from
parking lot Z to the
front door of the park.
They'll also be in Tokyo
for the Olympics. I think
the government or a subsidiary
there bought a ton of,
I don't know, like 2000
shuttles that are fully autonomous.
And once it starts making
it into cars that are
produced by GM and Ford
and the others, then, then
you might have a little
bit more skepticism. But I
think by that point, you'll
have a bigger database for
all the cars to pull
from to detect things that
are odd, like deer or
skunks or something that we
can't really model for very
easily. Interesting. So you talk
about that, that modeling idea,
but then at the very
beginning of our chat, you
mentioned the idea of smart
cities, smart parking spots, smart
roads, I guess I imagine
a self driving car to
be like an AI in
a vehicle with wheels that
was just super smart. But
now you mentioned skunks or
raccoons and it starts, it
makes me think about there's
so much stuff that could
potentially happen that I don't
know how anyone even a
human could be prepared to
get into this vehicle much
less than AI are these
initial shuttles going to know
more about the roads because
they are kind of constrained
to stay within a certain,
you know, several city blocks
or constrained to stay within
an area. Do they have
additional sensors that we can't
see? Yeah. I think, I
think you're right on the,
on the right path. Yeah.
The Thomas shuttles that I
speak of that I get
really excited about will be
on a kind of a
fixed route. It'll be a
little bit harder to divert
cause you have to plan
the route, set it up
in about two hours, which
is still pretty quick, but
they'll kind of know what
to expect, cause they'll be
on a college campus or
one road or, or something
like that. One when loop,
once you get it into
cars that are more on
demand, like division of, of
mobility on demand, then you
do need to tap into
some larger database for the
unexpected. Right. And what's really
exciting. There is augmented reality
is, is helping get to
that, get cars or the
technology to figure out stuff
faster than we could by
deploying and piloting cars in,
in the real world. So
in a virtual world, they're
actually testing, what does a
car do when it sees
this or that at a
much greater speed for, for
lower costs and then getting
cars out in Nevada or
Arizona where they're testing a
lot now. Okay. So the,
the more you understand, the
more you control the area,
the more you control the
streets and the environment, the
more the car is going
to be more effective. And
if I theoretically said, now
drive me out into the
boonies. The car might be
able to go only so
far, but then in the
future of the cars might
no, no enough to go
anywhere in the country. Yeah.
That, that's what I'm hearing
now. And the ability to
learn on the fly will,
will increase in share that
learned information with other connected
vehicles or autonomous vehicles will
be greater, which is pretty
awesome from a database building
perspective. When, when I learned
to drive a car and
I I'm curious when, when
you learned to drive a
car, my, my dad insisted
that I learned to drive
a stick shift, a manual
shift car because he believed
that understanding how the car
worked, provided some value. And
he wouldn't let me drive
an automatic until I was
competent on a, on a
manual. But there are people
saying that people who are
born today, won't ever drive
a car. Yeah. That's one
of my favorite quotes. You
can argue with it all
you want. But I love
that quote from Henry Christenson,
who used to be at
Georgia tech and we lost
him to UC San Diego,
but he's still, he's still
in our network. Yeah. They,
they might not ever drive
a car. They might have
mobility as a service everywhere.
They go mobility on demand,
which could be a really
exciting opportunity. I think that
opens up a great opportunity
for folks who might be
mobility impaired. There's a lot
of thought in that field
going on about every autonomous
vehicle shuttle that that operates
under a city would have
the ability to deploy a
ramp or be a voice
command operated. The Ali by
local motors is partnering with
IBM to bring Watson into
the car, into the vehicles
so that they can, you
know, people can troubleshoot or
set up the directions without
having to be able to
see your control system. That's
such an important thing to
point out because when we
think about like old people
who aren't mobile, the simplistic
way of thinking about it
is, Oh, well there's us.
And then there's people in
a wheelchair, but I, my
mother-in-law lived with us for,
for almost four years. She
came from Zimbabwe. She was
an older lady. She didn't
have, didn't know how to
drive mobility suddenly, which we
didn't ever thought about became
a big issue for her.
She's perfectly capable of walking,
but the nearest bus stop
is three miles away. So
she had to take, there
was rideshares for seniors. There
were small buses that were
taking her around. We learned
all about the mobility options
around us. And it gave
us a little bit more
empathy. We're realizing that it's
not about ability or disability.
It's, it's about choice. It
can be about age. It
can be about familiarity. There's
so many things that could
change how someone moves around.
And if we have self
driving cars, at some point,
she would just have a
shuttle come to the door.
Yeah. It's really exciting from,
from access prep perspective, I'll
tell you, we work a
lot in human services, transportation,
which covers that world that
you got intimately acquainted with.
And there's so much room
for disruption in that field,
which I think autonomous vehicles
will make, make it possible
for in software developers, anyone
listening, who needs a startup
idea, look into HST. There's
such a low bar to
improve upon. Yeah, it's, it's
really exciting from the access
and equity perspective. I'll tell
you candidly, that it is
a nightmare. From a modeling
perspective, we do a lot
of transportation modeling at my
office to see what our
congestion will look like. I'm
into 2040 right now, and
we'll go further next year.
But that adds so many
more trips. And how do
you plan for better signal
phasing or, or whatever can
improve congestion issues when you're
adding doubt hundreds of thousands,
more trips, hopefully. Cause it
would be great for more
people to get around independently
that can't right now. But
with every good, there is
a, there's something to work
through. So it's a good
challenge to have. Yeah. And
it can be made to
benefit everyone. Like if I
had a car that was
super smart, I could put
it into the pool and
then it could be sent
off. Like if I don't
need my car until lunchtime,
I could have my car
driving people around town on
its own. And then maybe
it could come back just
like solar can push power
back onto the grid. There
could be a grid of
vehicle. Yeah, exactly. It's pretty
exciting from a cost sharing
perspective, bringing your price of
ownership down and making the
price of getting around cheaper
for someone else who might
be, you know, on the
lower income spectrum, you kind
of touched on it there
too about electricity or solar.
I'd like to see more
in this field of solar
roads. We're, we're testing some
solar roads here in Georgia
and I'm pretty excited about
the outset of that. And,
and some inductive charging charging
while driving would be awesome
to have deployed and sit
in us cities so that
we can get a better
handle on our air quality.
It's so interesting. It's not
the future we, we thought
we would get when we
watch movies like I robot,
but it actually sounds like
it turned could turn out
to be pretty amazing. I
hope so. One of the
last questions I wanted to
ask was about the trolley
problem and the ideas of
how does an AI make
a decision from an ethical
perspective? The ethics of this
is really interesting and I
know we don't have a
lot of time left, but
can you explain the trolley
problem and why that can
be an issue for self
driving cars? Yeah. The trolley
problem. Yeah. I think you,
you got to it pretty
quickly is that if an
autonomous vehicle is about to
crash, which decision does it
make? It could take out
a kid, it could take
that in adults. It could
take out the people in
the vehicle. What's the lesser
of all evils, I guess.
And how quickly does it
make that decision? That is
a very valid question. That
many people are, are working
harder than I could imagine
on that's something that the
insurance companies definitely want an
answer to sooner rather than
later. And I'm always impressed
when I check in with,
with insurance companies to see
where they're at, but I
like to take a step
back when that question is
asked, asked a little bit
about the number of accidents
on the road or crashes
or on the road every
day that are fetal there's
I forget the exact figure,
but like 30,000 crashes on
the road everyday that are
close to fatal and they're
the propensity of, or actually
the, the possibility of autonomous
vehicles, they could reduce crashes
by up to 90%. I
think the feds released 86%
after some, some testing reducing
30,000 daily crashes by 86%
or 90% is just unfathomable.
So having those situations come
up 86% less of the
time is, is something that
I think everyone should applaud
a hundred percent of the
time. It would be better,
but yeah, reduction in potential
crashes by 86% of the
time is something we, we
can't do as humans. I
think that's really, really important
to remember that we might
freak out. Let's say that
a self driving car makes
a mistake and someone, one
person dies 40,000 people died,
you know, in 2016 on
the road, that's insane. And
like you said, millions and
millions are injured and we
only have 300 million. Like we
all know someone who's been
in an accident, right. There's
only 350 million people in the
country. Every one of us
know someone who's been in
a car accident and been
somewhat injured, if we can
reduce that, that would be
amazing. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's
almost unfathomable the potential for,
for safety that could be
improved there, but also when
a crash does happen, the
information about that crash can
re report it a lot
quicker to the local jurisdictions
and then whatever caused that
crash can get mitigated quicker
so that it won't happen
again. Good point. I do.
The one thing I am
worried about is I don't
want people on their self
driving cars texting. I still
would rather that this is
just me being old. I'd
rather that they just pay
attention, even if they can't
do anything. I'm so frustrated
right now when I see
people on their cell phones
at stoplights, I don't know
when that became normalized behavior.
Oh yeah. I'm a hundred
percent with you. And I
don't drive that often. And
I find it hard to
put the phone down when
I hear dang. So I
just turned my phone off
sometimes. Cause it's, it's kinda
like, it's not even fear
of missing out. It's just
a little addiction. Yeah. I'm
looking forward to iOS 11
on the iPhone is going
to be able to detect
when you are driving and
it'll put the phone in
totally quiet mode while you're
driving, which is not self
driving cars, but it'll definitely
make my life better. Yeah.
Our car right now, won't
allow us to text back
when we're driving or when
it detects that the car's
moving, but nice. There's more
improvements to come there. Fantastic.
Well, thank you so much,
Leslie Caseta for talking to
me today about technology and
transportation and what's coming in
the future. Yeah. Thank you,
Scott. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week.